[docs] Add docs for Upgrade Assistant APIs (#30330)
elastic/kibana: docs/api/upgrade-assistant/reindexing.asciidoc

[[upgrade-assistant-api-reindexing]]
=== Reindex API

> experimental[This API is *experimental* and may be changed or removed completely in a future release. The underlying Spaces concepts are stable, but the APIs for managing Spaces are currently experimental.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
experimental[This API is *experimental* and may be changed or removed completely in a future release. The underlying Upgrade Assistant concepts are stable, but the APIs for managing Upgrade Assistant are currently experimental.]
```

> When checking the upgrade status, some indices will have the `reindex` paramaeter set to true. You can use this Reindexing API to reindex these indices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When checking the upgrade status, some indices will have the `reindex` paramaeter set to `true`. You can use this Reindexing API to reindex these indices.
```

==== Start or resume a reindex

===== Request

To start a new reindex or resume a paused reindex, submit a POST request to the `/api/upgrade_assistant/reindex/<indexName>` endpoint:

Note: You cannot access this endpoint via the Console in Kibana.

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
POST /api/upgrade_assistant/reindex/myIndex
--------------------------------------------------
// KIBANA

===== Response

A successful call returns a response code of `200` and a response body
containing a JSON structure similar to the following example:

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
{
  "indexName": ".ml-state",
  "newIndexName": ".reindexed-v7-ml-state",
  "status": 0,
  "lastCompletedStep": 0,
  "reindexTaskId": null,
  "reindexTaskPercComplete": null,
  "errorMessage": null
}
--------------------------------------------------

> See the next section below for an explanation of each field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the next section for an explanation of each field.
```

==== Check the status of a reindex

===== Request

> Once a reindex has been started, you can check the status of the reindex operation by submitting a GET request to the `/api/upgrade_assistant/reindex/<indexName>` endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a reindex is started, you can check the status of the reindex operation by submitting a GET request to the `/api/upgrade_assistant/reindex/<indexName>` endpoint:
```

Note: You cannot access this endpoint via the Console in Kibana.

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
GET /api/upgrade_assistant/reindex/myIndex
--------------------------------------------------
// KIBANA

===== Response

A successful call returns a response code of `200` and a response body
containing a JSON structure similar to the following example:

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
{
  "reindexOp": {
    "indexName": ".ml-state",
    "newIndexName": ".reindexed-v7-ml-state", <1>
    "status": 0, <2>
    "lastCompletedStep": 40, <3>
    "reindexTaskId": "QprwvTMzRQ2MLWOW22oQ4Q:11819", <4>
    "reindexTaskPercComplete": 0.3, <5>
    "errorMessage": null <6>
  },
  "warnings": [], <7>
  "hasRequiredPrivileges": true <8>
}
--------------------------------------------------

<1> Name of the new index that is being created.

> <2> Current status of the reindex. See the status code table below for details.

Reviewer: Would be nice to make mentions of "status code table" and "step code table" and "warning code table" link to the appropriate sections.  If so, you can remove the word "below"

Author: Good idea, done!

<3> Last successfully completed step of the reindex. See the step code table below for details.
<4> Task ID of the reindex task in Elasticsearch. Only present if reindexing has started.
<5> Percentage of how far the reindexing task in Elasticsearch has progressed, in decimal from from 0 to 1.
<6> Error that caused the reindex to fail, if it failed.
<7> An array of any warning codes explaining what changes are required for this reindex. See the warning code table below for details.
<8> Whether or not the current user has required privileges to reindex this index. Returns `true` if Security is not available or disabled.

===== Status code

The `status` field corresponds to these statuses:

[horizontal]
0:: in progress
1:: completed
2:: failed
3:: paused
4:: cancelled

===== Step code

The `lastCompletedStep` field corresponds to these steps:

[horizontal]

> 0::  the reindex operation has been created in Kibana

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0::  The reindex operation has been created in Kibana.
```

> 10:: index group services stopped (only applies to some system indices)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10:: Index group services stopped. Only applies to some system indices.
```

> 20:: index set to readonly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
20:: Index set to `readonly`.
```

> 30:: the new desination index has been created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
30:: The new destination index has been created.
```

> 40:: the reindex task in Elasticsearch has been started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
40:: The reindex task in Elasticsearch has started.
```

> 50:: the reindex task in Elasticsearch has completed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
50:: The reindex task in Elasticsearch has completed.
```

> 60:: aliases have been created to point to the new index, the old index has been deleted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
60:: Aliases have been created to point to the new index, and the old index has been deleted.
```

> 70:: index group services have been resumed (only applies to some system indices)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
70:: Index group services have been resumed. Only applies to some system indices.
```

===== Warning code

The `warnings` field corresponds to an array of integers for these warnings:

[horizontal]
0:: The `_all` meta field will be removed.
1:: Any coerced boolean values will be converted in the source document (example: `yes`, `1`, `off`).

> 2:: Documents will be converted to support Elastic Common Schema (only applies to APM indices created in 6.x).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2:: Documents will be converted to support Elastic Common Schema. Only applies to APM indices created in 6.x.
```

===== Paused reindexes

If the Kibana node that started the reindex is shutdown or restarted, the reindex will go into a paused state after some time.

> In order to resume the reindex, you will need to submit a new POST request to the `/api/upgrade_assistant/reindex/<indexName>` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resume the reindex, you must submit a new POST request to the `/api/upgrade_assistant/reindex/<indexName>` endpoint.
```

==== Cancel a reindex

===== Request

> Reindexes that are waiting for the Elasticsearch reindex task to complete (`lastCompletedStep` set to `40`) can be cancelled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can cancel reindexes that are waiting for the Elasticsearch reindex task to complete (`lastCompletedStep` set to `40`).
```
